# Reflective: E-Lit 1

#### Colin Byrnes

## E-literature ...

  Last week's readings The Deep Space of Digital Reading and The Reading Brain in the Digital Age got me thinking about my thoughts on electronic textbooks vs. physical textbooks. My personal thoughts lie closer to Farge's points in Deep space, I prefer reading on paper becasue I look at screens to long each day and find it easier to concentrate on paper compared to screens. I think alot of the points brought up in The Reading Brain in the Digital Age such as the greater difficulty of navigating digital texts as a result of poorly designed e-lit. The design of books has been perfected over hundred's of years. Borsuk's The Book talked about how the desgn of books evovled over the centuries with changing fonts and the additon of page numbers and tables of context. We are in the early states of e-lit and the form is still evovling. Just within the electronic textbooks I have used at Northeastern there have been some that I thought better than physical textbooks and some that were barely usuable. 
  
  "What Football will look like in the Future" is an example of a work that takes advantage of the digital form. Bois embeded videos and used the scrolling mechanism to his advantage especially in the calander intro. E-readers and E-books have a decent commercial market and are convenient for the current population of readers but these books do not seem to me to be future of e-lit. Works that take advantage of electronic media can push the boundaries of the book form like Bois's are what will propell e-lit. into the future.
  
  I was interested by our class discusison on the meaning of "What Football will look like in the Future". We each had a different favorite "football" game that Bois described and I think that hits on what Bois was going for. Football in the Future is about how different people take the same, meaningless thing, football, and create meaning from it in their own way. I thought that this message was an appropriate one for starting the unit on e-lit; authors have the opportunity to create meaningful works in this evovling form of literature.   